feat(httpclient): A http client component for tinygo (#2246)
wasmCloud/wasmCloud: examples/golang/components/http-client-tinygo/README.md

> # HTTP Hello World
> 
> This is a simple TinyGo Wasm example that makes accepts a http request , then makes a http call to an external endpoint and returns a response for the request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# HTTP Client Example

This is a simple TinyGo Wasm example that makes accepts a http request, then makes a http call to an external endpoint and returns a response for the request.
```

Author: will update.

Author: Done
